{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 No need to have the title of a book with both inverted commas AND italics. Just use italics.\
\
Be consistent here and just keep using initials rather than full first names. Also add a full stop after each initial.\
\
Hicks, J. (2011) The Icon Handbook. Five  Simple Steps, Penarth, UK.\
\
\
Don't forget the fullstops (or commas if you prefer) between each bit of information.\
\
Here you have the publisher's location before the name of the publisher and separated with a colon. In all the others, you have put the publisher's name first, followed by the publisher's location. Pick one version and be consistent.\
\
Is this the name of the journal? I don't think so. This is the name of the database. Find the name of the journal and the page numbers and add it here. You also have no date of publication for this one.\
\
Hint: It is Interactions XXI.6 November-December 2014, p 24-33.\
\
Here you are missing all the initials for each author. Add them after each surname.\
\
\
This is a white paper which is always tricky to cite but I would write it like this:\
\
Marcus, A. (2001) "Return on Investment for Usable User-Interface Design: Examples and Statistics" in Experience Intelligent Design. User Interfaces Information Visualization. AM+A, Emeryville, USA, p1-24 Last Accessed: DATE HERE, URL: https://www.ida.liu.se/~TDDD26/material/economics5.pdf\
\
\
\
\
Hi Ursula,\
\
This is by on large a good start. Lots of little errors and list of references are really all about typesetting and grammar control.\
\
One other thing needed is that you include the date you last accessed the online resource in the citation. Mimic the style I did for the Aaron Marcus text for the other ones.}